Minutes, 03 April 2025 (#114)
wintercg/admin: meetings/2025-04-03.md

  * `DOMException`
  * `Event`
  * `EventTarget`
* `Fetch`-related APIs (`Header`, `Request`, `Response`)
* WASM
* `globalThis`: `navigator`, `performance.now` `queueMicrotasks`, `setInterval`/`setTimeout`, `structuredClone`, `atob`/`btoa`

## 4     Discussions

### 4.1 Web Platform Test review

Andreu Botella picked up the WPT review where Luca Casonato left off at the 4th meeting of TC55. Andreu, with the support of the attendees, concluded that this review was best facilitated by Luca, who has been doing the bulk of the work between meetings.

### 4.2 Fetch Specification review

The committee continued on working through aspects of Fetch which will or will not be implemented by server-side runtimes.

#### 4.2.1 HTTP Extensions Headers (continued from previous meetings)

* context sniffing—the nosniff-related mimetype restrictions in the fetch API for browsers should not have any impact on a server-side implementation
* Cross-origin restrictions are not relevant to a server environment and will be ignored
* Sec-Purpose header is related to browser prefetch and will be ignored
 
#### 4.2.2 Accept Headers

* accept-language is not relevant without knowing the destination
 

> #### 4.2.3 Main Fetch Algorithm

Reviewer: Probably combine the main fetch and response handover sections? I think it makes sense to separate the various changes in the main fetch algorithm from the paragraph about navigation timing, but the navigation timing stuff does affect some steps of the main fetch algorithm as well.

Author: You know, y’all can just make changes, I am _not_ precious about this. Consider it a draft awaiting your edits and completion, not my work of art.

> Andreu added [a comment](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/1#issuecomment-2776237976) to [the tracking issue](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/1) on the [fetch-workstream](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/) repo to summarize review of the “main” fetch algorithm. Important open questions are primarily security-related; referrer, CSP, HSTS, CORS, “bad” ports, etc. The ports, specifically, are addressed in [a sub-issue](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/10) on the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Andreu added [a comment](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/1#issuecomment-2776237976) to [the tracking issue](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/1) on the [fetch-workstream](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/) repo to summarize review of the “main” fetch algorithm. There are some open issues such as figuring out what exactly to do about HSTS and HTTPS redirection, or what spec changes would be needed to avoid CORS blocking. An important open issue which is security-relevant is blocking “bad” ports, which is addressed in [a sub-issue](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/10) on the repo.
```

#### 4.2.4 Fetch response handover

> There are some open questions about early steps which servers may not *need* to implement, but may wish to. This is also noted in [the comment on the tracking issue](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/1#issuecomment-2776237976) opened during the meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "main fetch" and "fetch response handover" algorithms also have steps related to [resource timing](https://w3c.github.io/resource-timing) and [navigation timing](https://www.w3.org/TR/navigation-timing/). This is exposed as part of the `performance` API, but is not in the subset of it that the minimum common API exposes. It was discussed that servers would not *need* to implement this, but they may wish to. This is also noted in [the comment on the tracking issue](https://github.com/wintercg/fetch-workstream/issues/1#issuecomment-2776237976) opened during the meeting.
```
